In this lecture we use K nearest neighbor a classifier in order to predicate the stock price tomorrow.
So we would like to product to better the stock price will go up or go down.
We just have to create that dataset again with the lack features and direction and instead of logistic
regression we are going to use KNM and sorry for that it is a bit misleading.
So of course we are going to use K nearest neighbor a classifier 300.
What does it mean.
This is the key peramivir.
So for k nearest neighbor if the K is one we consider the smallest distance.
If k is equal to we consider the two smallest distances K is equal to 300.
The model is going to consider the 300 nearest neighbors in order to end up with the solution in our
implementation.
There are two classes.
Whether the stock price will go up.
This is the first class or the stock price will decline.
This is the second class.
Plus one or a minus one.
Accordingly for k nearest neighbor we can tune this key Peramivir and we can come to the conclusion
I have tested it.
Feel free to change this value.
But if we use 300 is going to yield the best result.
OK so if we run this Python's great machine learning TNN we can come to the conclusion that it is better
than logistic regression as far as the accuracy is concerned.
It is approximately 61 percent.
You can see the confusion matrix.
There are lots of Roths of misclassified items.
But anyways it is a bit better than logistic regression which is rather counter-intuitive because the
nearest neighbor classifier is a lazy learner.
We do not build a model for logistic regression.
We have built a model for support vector machines we build a model for cany its neighbor classifier.
We don't build a model at all.
We just have to calculate the Euclidean distances and as you can see it is working quite fine.
It is much better than logistic regression.
OK by the way the best machine learning approaches cannot do better than approximately 69 70 persons.
So you are not able to achieve for example 99 percent accuracy with the machine learning more.
Of course if you are able to achieve it then you can make lots of lots of money on the stock market.
So the 61 percent is approximately good as far as machine learning is concerned for stock market applications
in the next lecture we are going to talk about support.
Back to the machines.
Thanks for watching.